REL: Prepare for the NumPy 1.22.3 release. (#21162)
numpy/numpy: doc/source/release/1.22.3-notes.rst

==========================

The NumPy 1.22.3 is maintenance release that fixes bugs discovered after the
1.22.2 release. The most noticeable fixes may be those for DLPack. One that may
cause some problems is disallowing strings as inputs to logical ufuncs. It is
still undecided how strings should be treated in those functions and it was
thought best to simply disallow them until a decision was reached. That should
not cause problems with older code.

The Python versions supported for this release are 3.8-3.10. Note that the Mac
wheels are now based on OS X 10.14 rather than 10.6 that was used in previous

> NumPy release cycles. 10.14 is the latest release supported by Apple.

Reviewer: Not sure that "latest" is unambiguous here, perhaps:
```suggestion
NumPy release cycles. 10.14 is the oldest release still supported by Apple.
```

Author: Good point.
